## Division by max in mpyc

Integer division `c = a // mpc.max(x, y)` ran into problems. It worked fine when the federation contained just one party. What I appeared to see initially was success when `a` was evenly divisible and wildly outlandish `c` (including negative numbers) when it was not. That might have been an overflow issue. Subsequently what I see is

```
secint = mpc.SecInt(64)
mpc.run(mpc.start())
a = secint(12)
x = secint(1)
y = secint(2)
b = mpc.max(x, y)
q = a // b
e = mpc.output(q)
mpc.run(mpc.shutdown())
print(e)
```

Fails with this error:

```
IndexError: list index out of range
Traceback (enclosing MPyC coroutine call):
  File "/home/sbaldasty/.venv/lib/python3.11/site-packages/mpyc/runtime.py", line 3206, in random_bits
    r2s = await self.output(r2s, threshold=2*t)
```

Yet this variation using integer multiplication succeeds:

```
secint = mpc.SecInt(64)
mpc.run(mpc.start())
a = secint(12)
x = secint(1)
y = secint(2)
b = mpc.max(x, y)
q = a * b
e = mpc.output(q)
mpc.run(mpc.shutdown())
print(e)
```

As does this variation that does not use the `max` function (even though the type of `b` was still a secure integer when it was assigned via `max`).

```
secint = mpc.SecInt(64)
mpc.run(mpc.start())
a = secint(12)
b = secint(2)
q = a // b
e = mpc.output(q)
mpc.run(mpc.shutdown())
print(e)
```

## Other MPC libraries

Alternatively there is a collection of Rust MPC libraries called [Swanky](https://github.com/GaloisInc/swanky/) and an older unmaintained Java library called [SCAPI](https://github.com/ddunwoody/scapi) to consider. Most likely an MPC problem rather than a mpyc problem, I'm using this library like a black box and some operations under the hood just may not compose. If possible it would be good to have a library that communicated effectively through its API what operations could not succeed.

## Floating point division in mpyc

The most straightforward way around not being able to divide by a secure integer was to use floating point division, since the documentation explicitly claimed support for secure divisors. However the documentation also warned that floating point arithmetic operations could be prohibitively slow, and this proved to be the case.

Also after switching the division to `SecFlt`, I had to switch everything else as well because there doesn't seem to be a way to convert between secure floats and secure integers, or even integers of different sizes for that matter. Even the results of comparisons were secure floats instead of bits.
